if you guys looking to buy cheap
reliable coins a great prices head over
to UT coins now used row five for five
percent off make sure you get those
coins to go and buy e bruh enjoy the
video yes lads how's it going back said
they call another wager foyer edges a
pink slipped and I said wager as you can
tell from the foam now this is a huge
pink slip look at this team I've got
I've got the full inform team from this
week now this is like one half million
coins we've got the likes of you got
matter you got Rodriguez you got to wrap
you got run than you got Pepe you've got
a oh you got some more you got dem see
you got ya hun 1.5 million coins I'm
actually shitting myself my I mean look
at the links of shit let's make it fail
basically tweeted this one out I've
tweeted this out saying you gotta have
below 40 chemistry to make this fair
because honestly if someone's got that I
bama yang 100 chem I'm gonna get ruined
so let's stop picking opponent if
they're bad for you came or less that I
will be picking someone else so let's do
this 99 in by skin we're gonna go we're
gonna go right I'm still looking at the
screen still looking at the scream just
going to keep going right for a bit yeah
we'll go there and then we'll go left
left left left left left left left rawr
rawr and then keep going left and
obviously the delay wherever this stops
on gonna press a boom you Washington
what's your name jumping into a party
right now let's see his name his name is
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding mw2 is 1999 let's get this
game under away as you see I've got 38
chem just gotta pray that he's rockin 38
or 40 but I thought we came as well
otherwise it's unfair oh he's rocking
with furry freak em fair play to me
actually listen this is gonna be funny
I'm actually so like to see what sort of
team is rocking with how Albion here we
go boys go burn that a you're playing
right mid oh my god and he's actually
done pretty well they done pretty well
Calvin and send them back keep my calm
Rodriguez 1.5 million coins let's do
this lads good son oh oh nearly taking
the lead already I played one game with
this team before and I 12 kneeling
division 1 so hopefully fingers Division
two actually but hopefully I can get the
win I'll shit that was solid over the
top and then again no too late or is
does your eyes off ease off that we're
fruit what phone are you are my this is
terrible oh my god yes oh my god oh my
god that was nice that was nice come on
let's get wit let's get wit tackle him
that that is Paul what I don't could
what this guys doing Oh screw Martinez
no no no no oh what a challenge why's
that is halftime now he's actually
dominated me I've had a copy of the shot
I don't know which team may be either
team should be winning this no one
really are the most up to you you've
seen some of the highlights yeah I'm not
going to bring Ibrahim rich on I'm just
going to see how it goes if I lose I
lose but with a win but yeah this is
this guy's ain't we could be fro we're
through lads way through we're not
through oh my god come on side alongside
fucking whipping that's true this ain't
good Oh before you scored oh my god oh
my god that's gonna be either death
stroke or a oh that's cool they're the
onion pledge that either actually on the
pitch for me okay we're going for an
over top of my weight ladice work it's
fallen to desktop that's the most god oh
my god your mouth shit those happen in
this game that's just absolutely 8 and
can't do anything I babe because the
players are slugs well that was the most
shittest game I've ever played honestly
Neil Neil he probably should have scored
I at the post so take your time and pen
is one and a half million coins are on
the line thank God I'm not playing
against 100 chemistry team I think that
was a great idea of me to do this
we said no oh my god hey oh yes yes Oh
brilliant yes we will take that i use
the absolute mad monster himself is he
on your player on the pitch it looks
like actually gonna do anything all game
pops up guess this one nil oh tell you
ayo was done this before he has played
on freak em before cuz he is playing
absolutely call it look here he goes
again heyo going out go on get on back
post get oh my god knightmon marking
here is absolutely atrocious keeper
please keep up thank you thank you 10
shots 10 shot I always dominate shots
then click on Denton Denton you know
what that one oh that was slowking and
poked in that Jesus Rodriguez get cheeky
with who's up with a head off no one cuz
you're all shit don't bang one who's
that for the ladies from Dempsey send em
to send them see that's not Dempsey
that's trapped send them to gone this
Camuto Camuto get a dog to get wit get
away it please now someone just get
fucking alien no just take him take it
hola challenge 84 Pepe that is why you
get them in your team lads my AO AO in
this bloody destro guy linking up
absolutely sublime can bury the game or
Shetty's there say it that's it yes yes
I'm keeping onto the team I've never
using that to ever again because that
was terrible to play with thank you so
much you guys ever watch me thank you so
much the guy play for actually going
along with the rules and having 38 chem
whatever it was hopefully I've enjoyed
this member if we can forget this like
500 likes I'd be absolutely amazing guys
and until then I'll see you again next
time bye boy yes